Today, I got caught masturbating, twice, by the same person. FML

Today, I summoned the courage to call my abusive mother-in-law about her 
non-payment of the money I stupidly lent her last year. She replied, "Why don't
you go deepthroat a cactus, then we'll talk about it, cunt." and then hung up 
on me. FML


Today, my ex won a writing competition. His story was inspired by our 
relationship. In it, I'm a serial killing prostitute. FML

Today, my dumbass colleague was too lazy to go buy balloons for a party in 
recognition of our company's huge merger. Instead, he made condom balloons. 
Let's just say you don't make blow up condoms for a prestigious company event. 
A company whose CEO is named Dick. FML

Today, my teenage daughter nearly burned down our house because she wanted to 
take "artsy" pictures with a lighter for Instagram. FML

Today, I watched as my somewhat drunk boyfriend proposed to my identical twin 
sister instead of me. She said yes, and my entire family cheered. FML

Today, I saw my ex husband walking with his very beautiful, very pregnant wife.
We divorced 7 months ago because he told me he was gay. FML

Today, my stalker ex girlfriend turned up at my wedding, uninvited, wearing a 
wedding dress. FML

A while back in my Environmental Science class we were talking about 
hurricanes. My teacher asked this really sIutty girl what some of the effects 
of hurricanes are, and she replied, "Well everything gets all wet and dirty." 
Suddenly the quietest guy in class looks up and goes, "Megan, no one asked 
about your weekend." Never have I laughed so hard in my life. MLIA

Today, I asked my father if he was proud that I have never done drugs, never 
drank alcohol, never had sex, never had psychological problems, never been to 
the hospital for something serious, never been in a fight and maintain good 
grades. He told me I was a boring daughter. FML
