
Today, I hooked up with a girl at a club, and we had sex. She just lay there 
like a corpse the whole time. It got so bad, I ended up faking an orgasm and 
blaming the lack of semen on a botched vasectomy. She actually believed it. 
What the hell? FML

Today, I found out that my girlfriend takes videos of me sleeping and watches 
them with her friends. FML

Today, as I awoke, the sun was shining, the birds were tweeting, and police 
sirens were wailing at a drug bust next door. FML

Today, a guy took me out on a date. His imaginary friends joined us. FML

Today, I dropped my kid into a crowded wishing fountain instead of a coin. FML

Today, I fell asleep with my luggage at a bus terminal. Upon waking up, I found
that someone had opened my bags and stolen all my socks. FML

Today, I asked my 10-year-old son what he wants to be when he gets grows up. He
smiled broadly and said "A porn star!" FML

Today, my boyfriend was entertaining himself by shoving tampons up his nose and
seeing how far across the bed he could blow them. This man is the father of my 
son. FML

Today, my butt decided to delete the 650 photos I had on my phone. FML

Today, a few minutes after giving birth to our fourth child, my wife pulled me 
close and whispered, "I love you, but if you ever put me through that again 
I'll rip your balls off." Everyone laughed. FML

Today, my boyfriend and I were having a conversation about the lack of 
communication in our relationship. I told him that sometimes I feel like he 
doesn't really care about me at all. If he did, he would listen more. His 
response? "I know your name, don't I?" FML

Today, my husband wanted me to take a sleeping pill before having sex with me. 
Apparently I'm better in bed while half-asleep. FML

Today, my boyfriend and I were having sex, when we heard a screech. My two cats
were having it harder than us. FML

Today, while finally about to make love with my long term boyfriend, he came 
from putting a condom on. FML

Today, one of my customer's pipes were blocked. As I went to unblock it, about 
a handful of used condoms collided with my face. I don't know if I should be 
disgusted by this or disgusted by my customer. FML

Today, at the pool, I decided to face my fears and go off the high dive. I 
slipped off the edge and did a barrel roll into the pool while screaming like a
little girl. FML

Today, I tried skydiving for the first time. The professional I was attached to
had a boner the whole way down. FML

Today, my girlfriend sent me a bunch of sexy pics and said to come over to her 
place. I thought she was in the mood for sex. Nope, she just wanted me to come 
over and hang a shelf, after which she sent me back home. FML

Today, I was feeling unappreciated and asked my boyfriend if he loves me. He 
faltered and replied, "Uh, my dick does." FML

Today, my boss asked me if I could work this weekend, doing the work of 2 
people, for almost no extra pay. I had a weekend out with my kids planned, so I
said I couldn't. My boss called it a shitty excuse, yet gave a free pass to a 
guy who claimed he had a "phobia of working on weekends". FML

Today, I asked my dad if he'd like to see the photos of my wedding, which he 
didn't bother to come to. Reply: "What the fuck, are you gay or something? Keep
that homo stuff to yourself." My wife started laughing so hard she was crying. 
FML

Today, we had a guy come into the hospital with a carrot stuck deep in his 
anus. I've heard all kinds of ridiculous cover stories, but his took the cake; 
he claimed the phone rang while he was showering and he slipped onto a box of 
vegetables. Guess who had to extract the carrot. FML

Today, I found out that the reason my boyfriend hasn't texted me recently is 
that he'd forgotten he was dating anyone. FML

Today, while eating cotton candy, a drunk person came up to me and said "HEY! 
COTTON CANDY!" And bit me. FML

Today, I saw a cute guy walking out of a restaurant. When he saw me, he smiled 
and to be a bit flirty I bit my lip. Too bad it started to bleed like hell. FML

Today, I overheard my dad say "Last time I didn't use a condom, I ended up with
Steven, so for god's sake use 'em." I'm Steven. FML

Today, I heard my sister gagging in her room. She was doing it quietly, and I 
got pretty concerned, after hearing a lot about bulimia recently. I knocked, 
then heard a gasp, so I let myself in, only to see her on her knees and her 
boyfriend with his underwear around his ankles. FML

Today, I let my coworker use my PC during lunch, because his was having 
problems. A few hours later, my boss called me into his office and gave me hell
for apparently looking at furry porn during lunch break. He won't believe my 
explanation. For fuck's sake, Dave. FML

Today, I was staying in my family friend's house in France. The church bells 
ring every hour, which I thought was cute. Until 8 this morning where they rang
24 times. FML

Today, I finally felt ready for intimacy with my boyfriend, and I sent him a 
sexy picture of myself topless. He texted back, "Ewwwww." FML

Today, while at the waterpark, some guy came up to me and profusely thanked me 
for wearing a one-piece swimsuit. FML

Today, my girlfriend got her period. It seemed more painful for her than usual,
so I offered to go out and buy some painkillers and maybe some chocolate for 
her. She thought I was being sarcastic and slapped me so hard I saw stars. FML

Today, my dog got so excited about a new toy that she vomited all over it. I 
had to clean up the vomit, throw away the toy, and now have a very sad dog. FML

Today, I found out my wife named our son after her ex-lover. FML

Today, I got an Economics test back from my professor. I got a 17/20. I looked 
it over and noticed one of the questions was completely right. I checked the 
textbook he made and the answer was the same. I asked him why it was wrong, and
he responded with, "I guess I changed my mind." FML

Today, my boyfriend and I were planning on having sex. He first excused himself
to the bathroom, then returned with a sad face saying he had fumbled with 
himself in the bathroom to get "ready" and accidentally came. He said, "I was 
thinking of you though." FML

Today, in astronomy class, a kid used Uranus in a hilarious innuendo. I was the
only one who laughed. I also happen to be the teacher. FML

Today, I video-chatted with my mom and showed her my new, very short haircut. 
My dad walked in, took one look at me and said, "I can only attribute this to 
penis envy," and walked out again. FML

Today, while on the bus, a friendly-looking guy smiled at me, so I smiled back.
He then pointed at my teeth and said, "You gonna get those fixed, or just keep 
them as a conversation starter?" FML

Today, I went with a couple of my friends to see a friend who's fallen very 
ill. Her dad walked in with a gun and demanded to know which of us had gotten 
his daughter pregnant. By the time I realized it was a joke, I'd already pissed
myself. FML

Today, I was having sex with this amazingly hot guy. Things got pretty intense,
and right as I was about to orgasm, the gold crucifix came flying off his 
necklace and sliced my eyelid open. Message received. Well played, God. FML

Today, my fianc√© and I were having sex in the early hours of the morning. He 
said "Morning sex is the best thing to wake up to." Without thinking, I 
responded "Yeah, unless you're in prison." He lost his erection due to laughing
so hard and now can't look at me without laughing. FML

Today, my boyfriend gave his penis a high five for not getting me pregnant. He 
does this every time I get my period. Every. Single. Time. FML

Today, I finally lost my virginity. Too bad it cost me every last shred of 
self-respect and involved begging a hooker to take my money. FML

Today, I was leading a tour of my university and saw a girl in ripped jeans and
combat boots smoking a cigarette. I told her that she shouldn't be representing
the school in such a manner. She shot back: "I'm a Presidential Scholar. Suck 
my dick, bitch." FML

Today, in the middle of sex, my husband accidentally headbutted me, almost 
knocking me unconscious. FML

Today, I woke up to my roommate trying to put a burrito and a pack of mild 
sauce in between my boobs. He's only lived here for two weeks, and this is the 
second time I've woken up to him doing something like this. FML

Today, I finally worked up the nerve to talk dirty to my boyfriend, after he 
promised not to laugh at me. All seemed well, until I heard laughter. It wasn't
him, though; it was his family listening from the other room. FML

Today, I was walking down the street holding my boyfriend's hand, when a 
seemingly sweet old man said to him, "Hey, you've got to hold her hand 
properly". I asked him to show me what properly meant. He licked my hand. FML

Today, my wife received a $15,000 bonus from her work. I got a backpack from 
mine. FML

Today, I was making love to my boyfriend. In the heat of the moment, I said his
name. He immediately stopped, gave me a deadly serious look and said "Huh? 
What?" FML

Today, I had a dream that I kicked the moon like a soccer ball. It started 
swearing in my boyfriend's voice. That part wasn't a dream. FML

Today, I noticed my fish was still hungry after feeding him earlier. I figured 
"ehh a little bit more won't kill him". I was wrong. FML

Today, I found out what it's like to drive seven hours home with a woman who 
just brutally rejected your marriage proposal. FML

Today, my wife slapped me for touching her boobs during sex. FML

Today, I sent my boyfriend a dirty picture to turn him on. He texted back: 
"Jfc, why wud u tease me like that?? Srsly fuck off". FML

Today, I decided to give my boyfriend a surprise striptease. After I turned 
around, I heard him murmur "Oh, wow." I turned back around, only to find him 
watching a gif of a cat falling into snow in slow motion. FML

Today, while having some "personal" time, I felt intense pleasure and moaned. I
learned that my own moaning prevents me from reaching my peak. I'm my own turn 
off. FML

Today, on our third date, my date tried to get me drunk and kept trying to 
touch me up. When I said he was moving too fast, he sighed and soon left. Just 
minutes later, he posted on Facebook saying "Just got friendzoned -_-". One of 
his friends commented: "I hate bitches, man." FML

Today, my wife and I decided to try out role playing. She ended up having an 
anxiety attack when I said she wasn't turning in her homework. FML

Today, I realized that having an open relationship isn't all that great, when 
my boyfriend hooked up with his ex and dumped me for her. FML

Today, my husband shaved off his beard. Turns out he looks like my ex. FML

Today, I was in a good mood for once and my professor looks at me and says, "I 
don't know what you ate for breakfast but you're really annoying today." FML

Today, I dropped my trash into what I thought was a garbage can. My co-workers 
stared at me like I had just pissed myself. It was a toy collection box for 
children in foster care. FML

Today, my supervisor was watching a video of his son. I heard a voice in the 
background and asked if it was Elmo. It was his wife. FML

Today, as my kitten was sleeping on my lap, my boyfriend crept up on us and 
yelled, "BOO!" to make me jump. I wasn't scared, but the cat was. He tensed up 
and jumped to the floor. He also apparently had the runny shits, spraying me 
and the couch on his way down. FML

Today, I slept over at my new boyfriend's house for the first time. When I woke
up in the morning, he told me all about how much gas I'd had through the night.
He said he thought he had a grown man in his bed instead of me. FML

Today, my boyfriend broke the bed pretending to be a caterpillar. FML

Today, I thought it would be cute to put on a Santa hat and ask my crush what 
he wanted for Christmas. He said "A girlfriend." I took off my Santa hat and 
yelled "Ta-da!" He added, "An ATTRACTIVE girlfriend." FML

Today, I got friendzoned by three different women. Each girl suggested I should
ask out one of the other two women who also friendzoned me. FML

Today, I found out one of my girlfriend's recent Google searches was, "should I
admit to cheating or just dump him?" FML

Today, while my husband and I were having sex, my cat decided to join in on our
moans by crying at the door the entire time. He stopped as soon as we finished.
FML

Today, my son trained his little sister to walk up to strangers and whimper: 
"My mommy punches me." FML

Today, I got home and found my wife cuddling with the dog and our new kitten. 
Both the cat and my wife hissed at me when I tried to join in. FML

Today, I was at a club and caught a cute guy's eye from across the bar. He 
smiled at me, got up and came over, then said "Oh shit! You looked way hotter 
from back there. Damn!" and walked away. FML

Today, after having sex with my boyfriend, he triumphantly flung the condom to 
the ceiling, only to have it come down and smack me in the face. FML

Today, I was stopped behind a pickup truck filled with junk. I told my friend 
that the person should have secured the junk better, since it looked like it 
would fall off any minute. My friend assured me it wouldn't. Right after she 
said that, a large piece of plywood fell off and hit my windshield. FML

Today, one of my debate opponents used the "Bill O'Reilly defense" against my 
arguments. This involved saying "You can't explain that" about easily explained
stuff, and speaking louder and louder to drown out my voice. He ended up 
getting a better grade than mine. FML

Today, I went on a first date. I didn't know that licking my neck was on the 
agenda. FML

Today, I proposed to my girlfriend of 2 years after eating in a 5-star 
restaurant. She said that she wasn't ready and that she would walk home by 
herself, which she did. A homeless gentleman walked up from behind me, patted 
me on the back and said, "Bitches man." I cried. FML

Today, I went out to a bar with some of my friends. They're all in committed 
relationships, but every single one of them got hit on. I'm single, and yet 
again, nobody even said hi to me. FML

Today, being useless at thinking of gifts, I asked my boyfriend what he wants 
for Christmas. I said it could be anything that I could afford. He looked me in
the eye and said very seriously: "Anal." FML

Today, I told my boss I have a sore throat. He replied, "Well, don't take it so
deep next time." FML

Today, my wife told me she had a surprise for me when I came home. Surprise to 
me means sex, not a new puppy. FML

Today, my sister turned the volume on my phone way up and changed the ringtone 
to a woman's blood-curdling scream. I found this out when she called my phone 
at 2am as I slept next to it. I pissed my pants and fell out of bed screaming 
in terror. I'll never hear the end of this. FML

Today, I finally told my boyfriend that he's not very good at dirty talk. He 
does it every time we have sex and it always turns me off. He started crying. 
FML

Today, my cat let out the biggest moan I have ever heard, while we were both in
the living room. My dad heard and accused me of watching porn. FML

Today, I woke up from a wet dream. My girlfriend quickly figured it out and 
bitched me out for having one when she was "right there" for me to ask for sex.
Logic failure aside, the last time I flirted with her, she called me a 
sex-obsessed pig and didn't talk to me for three days. FML
