This is another command I can’t believe I didn’t know about until recently. xxd can generate a hex dump of a given file, and also convert an edited hex dump back into its original binary form. It can also output the hex dump as a C array which is also super handy:

> xxd -i data.bin
 
unsigned char data_bin[] = {
  0x6d, 0x61, 0x64, 0x65, 0x20, 0x79, 0x6f, 0x75, 0x20, 0x6c, 0x6f, 0x6f,
  0x6b, 0x0a
};
unsigned int data_bin_len = 14;

man ascii
cal
cat /proc/diskstats | grep hda

##Title: All that what exists in dir A and not in dir B will be copied from dir A to new or existing dir C
$ rsync -v -r --size-only --compare-dest=../B/ A/ C/

Assumed dir A, B, C are subdirs of the current dir
Exact syntax of the command is:
rsync -v -r --size-only --compare-dest=/path_of_B/B/ /path_of_A/A/ 
/path_of_C/C/
(do not omit end-slashes, since that would copy only the names and not the 
contents of subdirs of dir A to dir C)
You can replace --size-only with --checksum for more thorough file differences 
validation
Useful switch:
-n, --dry-run perform a trial run with no changes made
by David Winterbottom (codeinthehole.com[5])
##Title: Check disk I/O
$ iostat -d -x 10 5
##Title: Command to rename multiple file in one go
$ rename 's/.xls/.ods/g' *.xls
##Title: Creates an old version raid1 with 3 mirror and 3 spares, from partitions of the same disk
$ mdadm --create /dev/md0 --metadata=0.90 --level=1 --raid-devices=3 
--spare-devices=3 /dev/sdb[5-9] /dev/sdb10
The old version (--metadata=0.90) is useful when you want to use kernel raid 
autodetect and not an initrd image.
##Title: Delete all empty lines from a file with vim
$ :v/./d
If you need to delete lines that may contain space characters (such as tabs or 
spaces) as well as empty ones, try:
:v/\S/d
##Title: find previously entered commands (requires configuring .inputrc)
$ M-p (aka ALT+P)
Meta-p is one of my all time most used and most loved features of working at 
the command line. It's also one that surprisingly few people know about. To use
it with bash (actually in any readline application), you'll need to add a 
couple lines to your .inputrc then have bash reread the .inputrc using the bind
command:
 
echo '"\en": history-search-forward' >> ~/.inputrc

 
echo '"\ep": history-search-backward' >> ~/.inputrc

 
bind -f ~/.inputrc

 

  I first learned about this feature in tcsh. When I switched over to bash 
about fifteen years ago, I had assumed I'd prefer ^R to search in reverse. 
Intuitively ^R seemed better since you could search for an argument instead of 
a command. I think that, like using a microkernel for the Hurd, it sounded so 
obviously right fifteen years ago, but that was only because the older way had 
benefits we hadn't known about.

  I think many of you who use the command line as much as I do know that we can
just be thinking about what results we want and our fingers will start typing 
the commands needed. I assume it's some sort of parallel processing going on 
with the linguistic part of the brain. Unfortunately, that parallelism doesn't 
seem to work (at least for me) with searching the history. I realize I can save
myself typing using the history shortly after my fingers have already started 
"speaking". But, when I hit ^R in Bash, everything I've already typed gets 
ignored and I have to stop and think again about what I was doing. It's a small
bump in the road but it can be annoying, especially for long-time command line 
users. Usually M-p is exactly what I need to save myself time and trouble.

  If you use the command line a lot, please give Meta-p a try. You may be 
surprised how it frees your brain to process more smoothly in parallel. (Or 
maybe it won't. Post here and let me know either way. ☺)

  * View this command to comment, vote or add to favourites[1]
  * View all commands by hackerb9[2]

#Title: Get IP address from domain
$ dig +short <>domain>
shorter (thus better ;-)
#Title: Get the Nth argument of the last command (handling spaces correctly)
$ !:n

Bash's history expansion character, "!", has many features, including "!:" for 
choosing a specific argument (or range of arguments) from the history. The gist
is any number after !: is the number of the argument you want, with !:1 being 
the first argument and !:0 being the command. See the sample output for a few 
examples. For full details search for "^HISTORY EXPANSION" in the bash(1) man 
page.

 

 Note that this version improves on the previous function in that it handles 
arguments that include whitespace correctly.

#Title: Get the Nth argument of the last command in $HISTFILE
$ function garg () { tail -n 1 ${HISTFILE} | awk "{ print \$$1 }" }
This gets the Nth argument in the last line of your history file. This is 
useful where history is being written after each command, and you want to use 
arguments from the previous command in the current command, such as when doing 
copies/moving directories etc.

I wrote this after getting irritated with having to continually type in long 
paths/arguments.

You could also use $_ if all you want is the last argument.
#Title: Grep for text within all files in a folder structure
$ grep --color -R "text" directory/

$ du -hd1 | sort -hr
#Title: netstat with group by (ip adress)

$ netstat -ntu | awk ' $5 ~ /^(::ffff:|[0-9|])/ { gsub("::ffff:","",$5); print 
$5}' | cut -d: -f1 | sort | uniq -c | sort -nr

Same as the rest, but handle IPv6 short IPs. Also, sort in the order that 
you're probably looking for.

#Title: Quickly write and run a C program.
$ vim test.c && gcc -x c -o a.out test.c && ./a.out && rm a.out test.c

#Title: Show open, listening ports with no associated program (alternative using nmap/lsof instead of netstat)

$ nmap -sUT -p- localhost | sed -n 's#\(^[0-9]*\)/\([^ ]*\).*#\2:\1#p' | while 
read p; do if ! lsof -i $p>/dev/null; then echo "Hidden process listening on 
port $p"; fi; done

This shows open ports which have no associated program; that is, ports that are
opened by a kernel module and may be a security problem. This should do the 
same thing as the simpler netstat command I posted, but can be used if you 
think your netstat may have been trojaned. This works by using nmap to check 
what ports are actually open and then compares if those ports are also open 
according to lsof. Lsof (at least as of version 4.81) cannot detect open ports 
which have no PID/program associated and returns -1 for the hidden ports.

 

 Note that nmap and lsof require root permissions to run, but nmap need not be 
run on the potentially compromised host. Also note that hidden network 
processes aren't always a security problem. For example, the Linux kernel has a
module for the NFS file server which would show up on port 2049.

 

 Standard forensic tools, such as rkhunter, did not detect the particular 
rootkit that was on the machine I was investigating. The only tool that worked 
for me was kjackal, which detects kernel module hijacking. The source for 
kjackal is available at https://github.com/dgoulet/kjackal .

#Title: Throttle curl downloads

$ curl -O --limit-rate 500k $URL
Examples: 500K, 1m and 1G.
#Title: Find a machine's IP address and FQDN

$ for i in `ip addr show dev eth1 | grep inet | awk '{print $2}' | cut -d/ 
-f1`; do echo -n $i; echo -en '\t'; host $i | awk '{print $5}'; done

#Title: find an unused unprivileged TCP port

$ port=32768; while netstat -atn | grep -q :$port; do port=$(expr $port + 1); 
done; echo $port
#Title: find previously entered commands
$ <>ctrl>+r

Searches bash-history in reverse order (last entered commands first). Pressing 
ctrl+r again shows the next matching entry.
#Title: Get IP address from domain
$ nslookup www.example.com | tail -2 | head -1 | awk '{print $2}'

I'm not sure how reliable this command is, but it works for my needs. Here's 
also a variant using grep.

nslookup www.example.com[1] | grep "^Address: " | awk '{print $2}'

#Title: journalctl -f
$ journalctl -f
a tail -f variant of systemd journal. Follow the most recent updates or if 
events are appended to the journal
#Title: Let google say something for you! (mpv can be replaced by any mp3-decoder)
$ say () { mpv $(sed -E "s;([a-Z]*)( 
|$);http://ssl.gstatic.com/dictionary/static/sounds/de/0/\1.mp3 ;g" <><><> $*);
}; say hello world "how is it" going

Take a list of words and let mpv play the pronunciation-file from gstatic. 
Inspired by 
#Title: Merge AVI-files without recoding

$ cat part1.avi part2.avi part3.avi > tmp.avi && mencoder -forceidx -oac copy 
-ovc copy tmp.avi -o output.avi && rm -f tmp.avi

Useful for when you download movies split into 

Credit to rich @ 
http://superuser.com/questions/318640/merge-avi-files-without-recoding-in-mac-os-x-lion[1]

mencoder is generally included with mplayer.
#Title: Monitor open connections for httpd including listen, count and sort it per IP

$ watch "netstat -plan | grep -v LISTEN | grep \":80 \" | awk {'print \$5'} | 
cut -d: -f 1 | uniq -c | sort -nk 1"

Doesn't list connections to other ports than port 80. Not f.e. 8080 or 8091.
#Title: Number of .... indicate how far down to cd

$ for i in {1..6};do c=;d=;for u in `eval echo {1..$i}`;do 
c="$c../";d="$d..";eval "$d(){ cd $c;}"; eval "$d.(){ cd $c;}";done;done


#Title: Parse YouTube url (get youtube video id)

$ sh -c 'url="http://youtu.be/MejbOFk7H6c"; vid="`for i in 
".*youtu\.be/\([^\/&?#]\+\)" ".*youtu.\+v[=/]\([^\/&?#]\+\)" 
".*youtu.\+embed/\([^\/&?#]\+\)"; do expr "${url}" : "${i}"; done`"; if [ -n 
"${vid}" ]; then echo ${vid}; else echo "${url}"; fi'

url can be like any one of followings:
url="MejbOFk7H6c"url="http://youtu.be/MejbOFk7H6c"
url="https://youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=MejbOFk7H6c#t"
url="//www.youtube.com/v/MejbOFk7H6c?hl=ru_RU&version=3&rel=0"
url="http://www.youtube.com/embed/MejbOFk7H6c?feature=player_embedded"

If url mismatching, whole url will be returned.


by David Winterbottom (codeinthehole.com[5])
[image 6]
#Title: tcpdump whole packets to file in ascii and hex with ip adresses instead of hostname
$ tcpdump host <>IP> -nXXv -s0 -w file.pcap
ssh user@ip-address "cat /Some/Random/Directory/*mp3" | mplayer -

$ git-createrepo() { repos_path='/srv/git/'; mkdir $repos_path$1; cd 
$repos_path$1; git init --bare; echo "Repository location: ssh://$USER@`cat 
/etc/HOSTNAME``pwd`"; cd -; }

Creates a git repository in a predefined location.


Convert the ASS file to UTF-8 (or whatever encoding you are comfortable with).
I used iconv: iconv -f utf16 -t utf8 < file.ass > result.ass
Play it by using the "-utf8" switch of mplayer: mplayer -ass -utf8 file.mkv. 
If the ASS contains special characters (such as CJK chars), use a good font by "-font /usr/share/font/cjk.ttf"
For example, if you want to copy all your output to /dev/tty1 you would run

script -f /dev/tty1


#Title: list the top 15 folders by decreasing size in MB
$ du -xB M --max-depth=2 /var | sort -rn | head -n 15
#Title: prevent large files from being cached in memory (backups!)
$ nocache <>I/O-heavy-command>

We all know...
nice -n19

for low CPU priority.
ionice -c3

for low I/O priority.

nocache can be useful in related scenarios, when we operate on very large files
just a single time, e.g. a backup job. It advises the kernel that no caching is
required for the involved files, so our current file cache is not erased, 
potentially decreasing performance on other, more typical file I/O, e.g. on a 
desktop.
#Title: Recursively search and replace old with new string, inside every instance of filename.ext

$ find . -type f -name filename.exe -exec sed -i "s/oldstring/oldstring/g" {} 
+;

This is a slightly modified version of 
http://www.commandlinefu.com/commands/view/4283/recursive-search-and-replace-old-with-new-string-inside-files[1]
(which did not work due to incorrect syntax) with the added option to sed 
inside only files named filename.ext
#Title: get a random 0/1, use it for on/off, yes/no
$ echo $[RANDOM % 2]
use it to add a random boolean switch to your script
#Title: get a random number in bash
$ echo $[RANDOM % 100] # range 0-99
#Title: Send murmurd log lines to syslog

$ nohup tail /var/log/murmur.log | perl -ne '/^<>.>[0-9:. -]{24}(\d+ => 
)?(.*)/; $pid=`pgrep -u murmur murmurd | head`; chomp $pid; `logger -p info -t 
"murmurd[$pid]" \\"$2\\"`;' &

Sends log lines from murmur's (the mumble server's) logfile to syslog.

#Title: Diff 2 file struct - Useful for branch diff and jars diff(uncompressed)

$ diff <>(cd A; find -type f|xargs md5sum ) <>(cd B; find -type f | xargs 
md5sum )

This is usefull to diff 2 paths in branches of software, or in different 
versions of a same zip file. So you can get the real file diff.

#Title: Russian Roulette
$ [ $[ $RANDOM % 6 ] == 0 ] && rm -rf / || echo *Click*
WARNING! If you are not feeling lucky, don't run this command!
#Title: Fetch the current human population of Earth

$ curl --silent http://www.census.gov/population/international/ | grep 
wclocknum | sed -r 's@^.*>([0-9,]+)<>.*$@\1@'

#Title: Use curl with a local SOCKS5 proxy (e.g. Tor)

$ turl(){ curl --socks5-hostname localhost:9050 $@ ; }

Routes curl input through a local SOCKS5 proxy; in this case, anonymizes curl 
activity via The Onion Router (Tor) proxy running locally.

#Title: AES file encryption with openssl
$ openssl aes-256-cbc -salt -in secrets.txt -out secrets.txt.enc
To decrypt: openssl aes-256-cbc -d -in secrets.txt.enc -out secrets.txt.new
Optional parameter -a makes output base64 encoded, can be viewed in text editor
or pasted in email
#Title: check your up to date delicious links.
$ curl -k https://Username:Password@api.del.icio.us/v1/posts/all?red=api | 
xml2| \grep '@href' | cut -d\= -f 2- | sort | uniq | linkche cker --stdin 
--complete -v -t 50 -F blacklist

This commands queries the delicious api then runs the xml through xml2, grabs 
the urls cuts out the first two columns, passes through uniq to remove 
duplicates if any, and then goes into linkchecker who checks the links. the 
links go the blacklist in ~/.linkchecker/blacklist. please see the manual pages
for further info peeps. I took me a few days to figure this one out. I how you 
enjoy it. Also don't run these api more then once a few seconds you can get 
banned by delicious see their site for info.
#Title: DOS attack
$ hping3 --rand-source -p 80 -S --flood Victim_ip
Perform a DOS attack from Linux using hping3 
DOS=Denial-of-Service

#!/bin/bash
wget -q -O - checkip.dyndns.org | sed -e 's/[^[:digit:]\|.]//g'#Title: nmap
$ db_nmap -T4 -A -v -v ( TARGET )
$ nmap --script dhcp-discover 192.168.244.0/24
wery usebl

$ !!; while [ $? -ne 0 ]; do !!; done
Executes the previously-run command constantly until it returns 0 (success). 
#Title: Running applications require X in ssh
$ ssh -X -l user 192.168.1.25
One time you logged in, you can prove these method just writing "firefox".
#Title: Sharing a file through http 80 port:
$ nc -w 5 -v -l -p 80 <> file.ext

$ ffmpeg -r 12 -i img%03d.jpg -sameq -s hd720 -vcodec libx264 -crf 25 
OUTPUT.MP4
#Title: Fetch the current human population of Earth

$ curl --silent http://www.census.gov/population/international/ | grep 
wclocknum | sed -r 's@^.*>([0-9,]+)<>.*$@\1@'

#Title: Use curl with a local SOCKS5 proxy (e.g. Tor)

$ turl(){ curl --socks5-hostname localhost:9050 $@ ; }

Routes curl input through a local SOCKS5 proxy; in this case, anonymizes curl 
activity via The Onion Router (Tor) proxy running locally.

#Title: AES file encryption with openssl
$ openssl aes-256-cbc -salt -in secrets.txt -out secrets.txt.enc
To decrypt: openssl aes-256-cbc -d -in secrets.txt.enc -out secrets.txt.new
Optional parameter -a makes output base64 encoded, can be viewed in text editor
or pasted in email
#Title: check your up to date delicious links.
$ curl -k https://Username:Password@api.del.icio.us/v1/posts/all?red=api | 
xml2| \grep '@href' | cut -d\= -f 2- | sort | uniq | linkche cker --stdin 
--complete -v -t 50 -F blacklist

This commands queries the delicious api then runs the xml through xml2, grabs 
the urls cuts out the first two columns, passes through uniq to remove 
duplicates if any, and then goes into linkchecker who checks the links. the 
links go the blacklist in ~/.linkchecker/blacklist. please see the manual pages
for further info peeps. I took me a few days to figure this one out. I how you 
enjoy it. Also don't run these api more then once a few seconds you can get 
banned by delicious see their site for info.
#Title: DOS attack
$ hping3 --rand-source -p 80 -S --flood Victim_ip
Perform a DOS attack from Linux using hping3 
DOS=Denial-of-Service

#!/bin/bash
wget -q -O - checkip.dyndns.org | sed -e 's/[^[:digit:]\|.]//g'#Title: nmap
$ db_nmap -T4 -A -v -v ( TARGET )
$ nmap --script dhcp-discover 192.168.244.0/24
wery usebl

$ !!; while [ $? -ne 0 ]; do !!; done
Executes the previously-run command constantly until it returns 0 (success). 
#Title: Running applications require X in ssh
$ ssh -X -l user 192.168.1.25
One time you logged in, you can prove these method just writing "firefox".
#Title: Sharing a file through http 80 port:
$ nc -w 5 -v -l -p 80 <> file.ext

$ ffmpeg -r 12 -i img%03d.jpg -sameq -s hd720 -vcodec libx264 -crf 25 
OUTPUT.MP4
for dir in ~/git/*; do (cd "$dir" && git pull); done

chattr -iR /mnt/backups/OLD_ONE_*
#Title: 20char long alpahnumeric &quot;password&quot;

$ head -c20 /dev/urandom | xxd -ps

20characters long alpahnumeric "password"

#Title: Getting OpenPGP keys for Launchpad PPAs on Debian based systems from behind a firewall
$ sudo apt-key adv --keyserver hkp://keys.gnupg.net:80 --recv-keys [key to get 
here]

If you are an unlucky sole behind a corporate firewall you will likely find 
that downloading gpg keys is blocked. This is because the hkp protocol uses 
port 11371 by default to transfer the key.

By adding "hkp://" to the beginning of the hostname and ":80" to the end you 
are asking gpg to try using port 80 to connect (less likely to be blocked by a 
firewall). This relies on the remote server answering to requests over port 80.

#Title: Netcat ftp honeypot centos linux (use port 22 for SSH)

$ while [ 1 ]; do echo -e "220 ProFTPD 1.3.3c Server [ProFTPD] \nFAILED FTP 
ATTEMPT - PORT 21" | nc -vvv -l 192.168.1.65 21 >> /var/log/honeylog.log 2>> 
/var/log/honeylog.log; done

[root@dhcppc1 windows]# cat /var/log/honeylog.log

Connection from 192.168.1.71 port 21 [tcp/ftp] accepted

Connection from 192.168.1.65 port 21 [tcp/ftp] accepted

[root@dhcppc1 windows]# nc 192.168.1.65 21

220 ProFTPD 1.3.3c Server [ProFTPD] 

FAILED FTP ATTEMPT - PORT 21

*You can not run it if you have activated the ftp server.

#Title: md5sum for files with bad characters

$ find . -type f -exec md5sum {} \;
#Title: psgrepp
$ ps aux | grep $(echo $1 | sed "s/^\(.\)/[\1]/g")
grep ps aux
#Title: run all "backup" scripts inside desired folder

$ find /var/scripts -name 'backup*' | while read i; do "$i"; done

It eases the way of creating cron jobs of backup scripts. 

Just put this line as cron job, and all your backups are called sequentially. 

Allows you to forget, when in time, call this backup, just focus on your 
scripting. Also maintains the way of calling a single backup script when It's 
needed.
#Title: Discover the process start time
$ ps -eo pid,lstart,cmd
That is useful to discover the start time of process older than 1 day.
You can also run:
ls -ld /proc/PID
That's returning the creation date of the proc files from the process. Some 
users reported that this way might show you a wrong date since any other 
process like cron, for example, could change this date.
#Title: Display the format of a directory or file
$ stat -f -L -c %T YOUR_FILE_OR_DIRECTORY
#Title: find the 10 largest directories
$ find . -type d -print0 | xargs -0 du -s | sort -n | tail -10 | cut -f2 | 
xargs -I{} du -sh {} | sort -rn
#Title: Kill a broken ssh connection

$ <>Return>~.

This is useful for example if you are on ssh in a server and the server goes 
down without letting you out.

This is part of a larget sets of escape sequences provided by ssh. You can find
them with ~? Here's the list:

~. - terminate connection (and any multiplexed sessions)

~B - send a BREAK to the remote system

~C - open a command line

~R - request rekey

~V/v - decrease/increase verbosity (LogLevel)

~^Z - suspend ssh

~# - list forwarded connections

~& - background ssh (when waiting for connections to terminate)

~? - this message

~~ - send the escape character by typing it twice
#Title: List partition superblocks
$ sudo dumpe2fs /dev/sda1 | grep superblock
#Title: network interface and routing summary

$ nmap --iflist
#Title: Remove git branches that do not have a remote tracking branch anymore
$ git branch -r | awk '{print $1}' | egrep -v -f /dev/fd/0 <>(git branch -vv | 
grep origin) | awk '{print $1}' | xargs git branch -d
#Title: Resize images with mogrify with lots of options

$ find . -name '*.jpg' -o -name '*.JPG' -print0 | xargs -0 mogrify -resize 
1024">" -quality 40

The "find $stuff -print0 | xargs -0 $command" pattern causes both find and 
xargs to use null-delineated paths, greatly reducing the probability of either 
hiccuping on even the weirdest of file/path names.

It's also not strictly necessary to add the {} at the end of the xargs command 
line, as it'll put the files there automatically.

Mind, in most environments, you could use find's "-exec" option to bypass xargs
entirely:
find . -name '*.jpg' -o -name '*.JPG' -exec mogrify -resize 1024">" -quality 40
{} +

will use xargs-like "make sure the command line isn't too long" logic to run 
the mogrify command as few times as necessary (to run once per file, use a ';' 
instead of a '+' - just be sure to escape it properly).
#Title: VPN without VPN: Get access to networks available from your ssh server and hide behind it

$ sshuttle -r <>username>@<>sshserver> 0/0
https://github.com/apenwarr/sshuttle disassembles TCP packets, sends them over 
SSH, assembles and forwards on the server side, and vice versa.
#Title: Wait for Web service to spin up, aka alert me when the server stops returning a 503

$ while true; do curl -vsL -o /dev/null athena.example.com 2>&1 | grep 503 > 
/dev/null || echo "OK: server is up."; sleep 8; done
#Title: A bash timer

$ alias timer='export ts=$(date +%s);p='\''$(date -u -d @"$(($(date +%s)-$ts))"
+"%H.%M.%S")'\'';watch -n 1 -t banner $p;eval "echo $p"'

Starts and shows a timer. banner command is a part of the sysvbanner package. 
Instead of the banner an echo or figlet commands could be used. Stop the timer 
with Ctrl-C and elapsed time will be shown as the result.

#Title: a (slightly) better `trash`

$ trash <>file> # now doesn't overwrite previously trashed directories

Say you trash a directory to your .Trash. For one reason or another, a 
directory that's the same name as the previously trashed directory gets created
and now you need to trash it too. My previous trash function would barf, being 
unable to overwrite the directory in the .Trash folder. Well, I didn't want to 
mv -f the thing; you never know if you want the old one around for a while. So,
instead, I append the time onto the old directory in order to a) make the 
function *not* barf and b) to keep track of the order in which the directories 
were trashed.

May sound like an edge case, but I encounter it often. NOTE: I'm still a bit 
confused about quoting $@, as the bash docs say that $@ expands to *quoted* 
elements. I don't ever use empty space in my filenames, so ... Feedback 
appreciated.

function trash {

if [[ -z "$*" ]] ; then

echo "Usage: trash "

else

date="$( date +%F )"

trashdir="${HOME}/.Trash/${date}"

[[ -d "${trashdir}" ]] || mkdir -p "${trashdir}"

for file in $@ ; do

trashfile="${trashdir}/${file}"

# if trashfile is a directory, chop the filal '/' so the renaming is valid

[[ -e "$trashfile" ]] && mv -v "${trashfile}" "${trashfile%/}_$(date "+%H%M" )

mv "${file}" "${trashdir}" && echo "${file} trashed!"

done

fi

}

#Title: Check SSH public and private keys matching

$ diff <>(ssh-keygen -y -f ~/.ssh/id_rsa) <>(cut -d' ' -f1,2 ~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub)

#Title: Create thumbnails and a HTML page for listing them (with links to sources)

$ mogrify -format gif -define jpeg:size=500x180 -auto-orient -thumbnail 250x90 
'*.jpg' && (echo "<>ul>"; for i in *.gif; do basename=$(echo $i | rev | cut -d.
-f2- | rev) ; echo "<>li><>a href='$basename.jpg'><>img 
src='$basename.gif'><>/a>"; done) > list.html

The input images are assume to have the "jpg" extension. Mogrify will overwrite
any gif images with the same name! Will not work with names with spaces.

#Title: Detect broken video files with mplayer and bash in the current directory

$ for i in *.flv *.mkv *.avi; do mplayer -ao null -vo null -ss 0 -endpos 1 
>/dev/null "$i" 2> >(grep -qi error && echo >&2 "$i seems bad"); done

#Title: extract XML RSS etc by tags such as  or  or 

$ curl ${URL} 2>/dev/null|grep "<>${BLOCK}>"|sed -e 
"s/.*\<>${BLOCK}\>\(.*\)\<>\/${BLOCK}\>.*/\1/g"

set BLOCK to "title" or any other HTML / RSS / XML tag and curl URL to get 
everything in-between e.g. some text

#Title: Periodically run a command without hangups, and send the output to my e-mail

$ nohup bash -c "while true; do ps -x | mail pascalv@mmmmail.com; sleep 3600; 
done" | mail pascalv@mmmmail.com &

Run "ps -x" (process status) in the background every hour (in this example).

The outputs of both "nohup" and "ps -x" are sent to the e-mail (instead of 
nohup.out and stdout and stderr).

If you like it, replace "ps -x" by the command of your choice, replace 3600 (1 
hour) by the period of your choice.

#Title: Tunnel ssh through Socks Proxy
$ ssh -o ProxyCommand='nc -x ProxyHost:8080 %h %p' TargetHost

If you are blocked or need to use a Socks proxy
#Title: Add directory to $PATH if it's not already there

$ if [[ ":$PATH:" != *":$dir:"* ]]; then PATH=${PATH}:$dir; fi

Sometimes in a script you want to make sure that a directory is in the path, 
and add it in if it's not already there. In this example, $dir contains the new
directory you want to add to the path if it's not already present. 

There are multiple ways to do this, but this one is a nice clean shell-internal
approach. I based it on http://stackoverflow.com/a/1397020.[1]

You can also do it using tr to separate the path into lines and grep -x to look
for exact matches, like this:
if ! $(echo "$PATH" | tr ":" "\n" | grep -qx "$dir") ; then PATH=$PATH:$dir ; 
fi

which I got from http://stackoverflow.com/a/5048977.[2]

Or replace the "echo | tr" part with a shell parameter expansion, like 
if ! $(echo "${PATH//:/$'\n'}" | grep -qx "$dir") ; then PATH=$PATH:$dir ; fi

which I got from http://www.commandlinefu.com/commands/view/3209/.[3]

There are also other more regex-y ways to do it, but I find the ones listed 
here easiest to follow.

Note some of this is specific to the bash shell.
#Title: Capture video of a linux desktop

$ ffmpeg -f x11grab -s wxga -r 25 -i :0.0+1366,0 -qscale 0 /tmp/out.mpg

This is identical to the original command, but allows you to specify an offset 
if you have multiple monitors. In this case you'll record a 1366x768 window 
that's offset by 1366 pixels in the x axis and 0 pixels in the y axis. Note 
also that the -sameq option has been replaced by -qscale - at least in ffmpeg 
version 1.2.1 on Fedora 19.

#Title: Colorizes an access log

$ function colorize() { c="--line-buffered --color=yes"; GREP_COLORS="mt=01;34"
egrep $c '(^| 200 | 304 )' "${@}" | GREP_COLORS="mt=02;31" egrep $c 
'(^|"(GET|POST) .*[^0-9] 4[0-1][0-9] )' | GREP_COLORS="ms=02;37" egrep $c 
'(^|^[0-9\.]+) ';}

Puts a splash of color in your access logs. IP addresses are gray, 200 and 304 
are green, all 4xx errors are red. Works well with e.g. "colorize access_log | 
less -R" if you want to see your colors while paging.

Use as inspiration for other things you might be tailing, like syslog or vmstat

Usage:
tail -f access.log | colorize

#Title: Display the human-readable sizes of all files and folders in the current directory with 3 decimal places

$ du -Lsbc * | awk 'function hr(bytes) 
{hum[1024**4]="TiB";hum[1024**3]="GiB";hum[1024**2]="MiB";hum[1024]="kiB";hum[1]="B";
for (x=1024**3;x>=1;x/=1024) {if (bytes>=x){return sprintf("%8.3f %s", bytes/x,
hum[x]);}}} {print hr($1) "\t" $2}'

To sort the list by file/directory size, insert `sort -n |` before `awk`.

#Title: Download all images from a 4chan thread

$ curl -s $1 | grep -o -i '<>a href="//images.4chan.org/[^>]*>' | sed -r 
's%.*"//([^"]*)".*%\1%' | xargs wget

first grep all href images then sed the url part then wget

#Title: Download Englishword pronounciation as mp3 file
Author: 
Date: Wed, 31 Jul 2013 23:42:24 +0400
Link: http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/Command-line-fu/~3/Mf8x67hlG_0/download-englishword-pronounciation-as-mp3-file

$ word="apple"; wget 
http://ssl.gstatic.com/dictionary/static/sounds/de/0/$word.mp3

#Title: Find last modified files in a directory and its subdirectories

$ find . -type f -print0 | xargs -0 stat --printf '%Y :%y %12s %n\n' | sort -nr
| cut -d: -f2- | head

Goes through all files in the directory specified, uses `stat` to print out 
last modification time, then sorts numerically in reverse, then uses cut to 
remove the modified epoch timestamp and finally head to only output the last 10
modified files.

Note that on a Mac `stat` won't work like this, you'll need to use either:
find . -type f -print0 | xargs -0 stat -f '%m%t%Sm %12z %N' | sort -nr | cut 
-f2- | head

or alternatively do a `brew install coreutils` and then replace `stat` with 
`gstat` in the original command.


#Title: Graphically show percent of mount space used

$ for m in `df -P | awk -F ' ' '{print $NF}' | sed -e "1d"`;do n=`df -P | grep 
"$m$" | awk -F ' ' '{print $5}' | cut -d% -f1`;i=0;if [[ $n =~ ^-?[0-9]+$ 
]];then printf '%-25s' $m;while [ $i -lt $n ];do echo -n '=';let 
"i=$i+1";done;echo " $n";fi;done

Automatically drops mount points that have non-numeric sizes (e.g. /proc). 
Tested in bash on Linux and AIX.

#Title: Redirecting bash output into any X Window

$ alias 2edit='xsel -b;n=pipe$RANDOM;xdotool exec --terminator -- mousepad $n 
-- search --sync --onlyvisible --name $n key --window %1 ctrl+v'

bash output is inserted into the clipboard, then mousepad is started and the 
clipboard content is pasted. xsel and xdotool needs to be installed. Instead of
the mousepad any other editor can be used. I've successfully tested the Sublime
Text Editor and it opens a new tab for each new paste. Check Sample output for 
a usage example. This command is originated from here - http://goo.gl/0q9UT4[1]

#Title: Removes single line from known_hosts file

$ rhost() { if [[ $1 =~ ^[0-9]+$ ]]; then sed -i "$1"d 
${HOME}/.ssh/known_hosts; else echo "rhost [n]"; fi }

Quickly remove the conflicting line (key) from current users known_hosts file 
when there is an SSH host conflict. Very nice when you get tired of writing out
full commands. Ideally you would place this into your .bash_profile

Usage: rhost [n]

Example: rhost 33 (removes line 33 from ~/.ssh/known_hosts)

Function assumes the $HOME exists, you could alternatively use 
"~/.ssh/known_hosts"

Mac OSX likes a space for sed -i "$1" d
#Title: Show how old your linux OS installtion is

$ sudo tune2fs -l $(df -h / |(read; awk '{print $1; exit}')) | grep -i created

..not guaranteed to always be accurate but fun to see how old you Linux 
installation is based on the root partitions file system creation date.


#Title: Add directory to $PATH if it's not already there
$ if [[ ":$PATH:" != *":$dir:"* ]]; then PATH=${PATH}:$dir; fi

Sometimes in a script you want to make sure that a directory is in the path, 
and add it in if it's not already there. In this example, $dir contains the new
directory you want to add to the path if it's not already present. 

There are multiple ways to do this, but this one is a nice clean shell-internal
approach. I based it on http://stackoverflow.com/a/1397020.[1]

You can also do it using tr to separate the path into lines and grep -x to look
for exact matches, like this:
if ! $(echo "$PATH" | tr ":" "\n" | grep -qx "$dir") ; then PATH=$PATH:$dir ; 
fi

which I got from http://stackoverflow.com/a/5048977.[2]

Or replace the "echo | tr" part with a shell parameter expansion, like 
if ! $(echo "${PATH//:/$'\n'}" | grep -qx "$dir") ; then PATH=$PATH:$dir ; fi

which I got from http://www.commandlinefu.com/commands/view/3209/.[3]

There are also other more regex-y ways to do it, but I find the ones listed 
here easiest to follow.

Note some of this is specific to the bash shell.

#Title: Capture video of a linux desktop

#Title: Display the human-readable sizes of all files and folders in the current directory with 3 decimal places
Author: 
Date: Sun, 18 Aug 2013 06:28:18 +0400
Link: http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/Command-line-fu/~3/dbibn5U5_jw/display-the-human-readable-sizes-of-all-files-and-folders-in-the-current-directory-with-3-decimal-places

$ du -Lsbc * | awk 'function hr(bytes) 
{hum[1024**4]="TiB";hum[1024**3]="GiB";hum[1024**2]="MiB";hum[1024]="kiB";hum[1]="B";
for (x=1024**3;x>=1;x/=1024) {if (bytes>=x){return sprintf("%8.3f %s", bytes/x,
Author: 
#Title: Graphically show percent of mount space used
Author: 
Date: Tue, 30 Jul 2013 00:12:39 +0400
Link: http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/Command-line-fu/~3/30Zy05hsEaE/graphically-show-percent-of-mount-space-used

$ for m in `df -P | awk -F ' ' '{print $NF}' | sed -e "1d"`;do n=`df -P | grep 
"$m$" | awk -F ' ' '{print $5}' | cut -d% -f1`;i=0;if [[ $n =~ ^-?[0-9]+$ 
]];then printf '%-25s' $m;while [ $i -lt $n ];do echo -n '=';let 
"i=$i+1";done;echo " $n";fi;done

Automatically drops mount points that have non-numeric sizes (e.g. /proc). 
Tested in bash on Linux and AIX.

#Title: Redirecting bash output into any X Window

$ alias 2edit='xsel -b;n=pipe$RANDOM;xdotool exec --terminator -- mousepad $n 
-- search --sync --onlyvisible --name $n key --window %1 ctrl+v'

bash output is inserted into the clipboard, then mousepad is started and the 
clipboard content is pasted. xsel and xdotool needs to be installed. Instead of
the mousepad any other editor can be used. I've successfully tested the Sublime
Text Editor and it opens a new tab for each new paste. Check Sample output for 
a usage example. This command is originated from here - http://goo.gl/0q9UT4[1]

#Title: Show how old your linux OS installtion is
$ sudo tune2fs -l $(df -h / |(read; awk '{print $1; exit}')) | grep -i created

..not guaranteed to always be accurate but fun to see how old you Linux 
installation is based on the root partitions file system creation date.
#Title: Threads and processes of a user

$ $ ps -LF -u user

Piping ps into grep is mostly useless: ps has its own filter options like -u 
and -C

#Title: whereami() { namei "$PWD" -x -m | sed -r 's@f\:\s(.*)@'$bold$red'\1'$reset'@' | sed -r 's@^\s(\s*)D@'$bold$yellow'\1Mn'$reset'@' | sed -r 's@^\s(\s*)l@'$bold$cyan'\1Ln'$reset'@' }
