 
 
Connecting to an OPEN / WEP WLAN (DHCP)
 
Note: replace [interface] with your interface name as required (e.g.
eth1, wlan0, ath0 etc.)
 
iwconfig [interface] mode managed key [WEP key] (128 bit WEP use 26 hex
characters, 64 bit WEP uses 10)
 
 
iwconfig [Interface] essid "[ESSID]" (Specify ESSID for the WLAN)
 
 
dhclient [interface] (to receive an IP address, netmask, DNS server and
default gateway from the Access Point)
 
 
ping www.bbc.co.uk  (if you receive a reply you have access)
 
 
 
Connecting to an OPEN / WEP WLAN (Manual IP Setup)
 
Note: replace [interface] with your interface name as required (e.g.
eth1, wlan0, ath0 etc.)
 
It may be necessary to run some packet capture software (e.g. Ethereal)
to determine the IP addresses of both the Default Gateway and DNS
servers.
 
iwconfig [interface] mode managed key [WEP key] (128 bit WEP use 26 hex
characters, 64 bit WEP uses 10)
 
 
iwconfig [interface] essid "[ESSID]"
 
 
ifconfig [interface] [IP address] netmask [subnetmask]
 
 
route add default gw [IP of default gateway] (Configure your default
gateway; usually the IP of the Access Point)
 
 
echo nameserver [IP address of DNS server]  >>  /etc/resolve.conf
(Configure your DNS server)
 
 
ping www.bbc.co.uk (if you receive a reply you have access)
 
 
 
iwconfig Commands:
 
Note: replace [interface] with your interface name as required (e.g.
eth1, wlan0, ath0 etc.)
 
iwconfig [interface] mode master (set the card to act as an access point
mode)
 
 
iwconfig [interface] mode managed (set card to client mode on a network
with an access point)
 
 
iwconfig [interface] mode ad-hoc (set card to peer to peer networking or
no access point mode)
 
 
iwconfig [interface] mode monitor (set card to RFMON mode our favourite)
 
 
iwconfig [interface] essid any (with some cards you may  disable the
ESSID  checking)
 
 
iwconfig [interface] essid “your ssid_here” (configure ESSID for
network)
 
 
iwconfig [interface] key 1111-1111-1111-1111 (set 128 bit WEP key)
 
 
iwconfig [interface] key 11111111 (set 64 bit WEP key)
 
 
iwconfig [interface] key s:mykey (set key as an ASCII string)
 
 
iwconfig [interface] key off (disable WEP key)
 
 
iwconfig [interface] key open (sets open mode, no authentication is used
and card may accept non-encrypted sessions)
 
 
iwconfig [interface] channel [channel no.] (set a channel 1-14)
 
 
iwconfig [interface] channel auto (automatic channel selection)
 
 
iwconfig [interface] freq 2.422G (channels can also be specified in GHz)
 
 
iwconfig [interface] ap 11:11:11:11:11:11 (Force card to register AP
address)
 
 
iwconfig [interface] rate 11M (card will use the rate specified)
 
 
iwconfig [interface] rate auto (select automatic rate)
 
 
iwconfig [interface] rate auto 5.5M (card will use the rate specified
and any rate below as required)
 
 
 
ifconfig Commands:
 
Note: replace [interface] with your interface name as required (e.g.
eth1, wlan0, ath0 etc.)
 
ifconfig [interface] up (bring up specified interface)
 
 
ifconfig [interface] down (take down specified interface)
 
 
ifconfig [interface] [IP address] netmask [subnet-mask] (manually set IP
and subnet-mask details)
 
 
ifconfig [interface] hw ether [MAC] (Change the wireless cards MAC
address, specify in format 11:11:11:11:11:11)
 
 
 
iwpriv Commands:
 
Note: replace [interface] with your interface name as required (e.g.
eth1, wlan0, ath0 etc.)
 
iwpriv [interface] hostapd 1 (used to set card mode to hostapd e.g. for
void11)
 
 
When the monitor mode patch is installed as per the Wireless Build HOWTO
the following commands may be used to set the card into monitor mode.
 
 
iwpriv [interface] monitor [A] [B]

[A]
0 = disable monitor mode

1 = enable monitor mode with Prism2 header 
 
2 = enable monitor mode with no Prism2

[B]
Channel to monitor (1-14)
 
iwlist Commands:
 
Note: replace [interface] with your interface name as required (e.g.
eth1, wlan0, ath0 etc.)
 
iwlist is used to display some large chunk of information from a
wireless network interface that is not displayed by iwconfig.
 
 
iwlist [interface] scan (Give the list of Access Points and Ad-Hoc cells
in range (ESSID, Quality, Frequency, Mode etc.) Note: In tests only
worked with Atheros cards).
 
 
iwlist [interface] channel (Give the list of available frequencies in
the device and the number of channels).
 
 
iwlist [interface] rate (List the bit-rates supported by the device).
 
 
iwlist [interface] key (List the encryption key sizes supported and
display all the encryption keys available in the device).
 
 
iwlist [interface] power (List the various Power Management attributes
and modes of the device).
 
 
iwlist [interface] txpower (List the various Transmit Power available on
the device).
 
 
iwlist [interface] retry (List the transmit retry limits and retry
lifetime on the device).
 
 
iwlist [interface] ap (Give the list of Access Points in range, and
optionally the quality of link to them.  Deprecated in favour of scan)
 
 
iwlist [interface] peers (Give the list of Peers associated/registered
with this card).
 
 
iwlist [interface] event (List the wireless events supported by this
card).
 
 
Madwifi-ng Commands:
 
MADWiFi supports virtual access points (VAPS), which means you can
create more than one wireless device per wireless card (the host
wireless card = wifi0). 
 
By default, a sta mode VAP is created by, which is MadWifi talk for a
'managed mode wireless interface'.
 
 
Note: replace athx with your interface name as required (e.g. ath0,
ath1)
 
 
wlanconfig athx destroy (Destroy VAP, athx)
 
 
wlanconfig athx create wlandev wifi0 wlanmode sta (Create a managed mode
VAP, athx)
 
 
wlanconfig athx create wlandev wifi0 wlanmode ap (Create an Access Point
VAP, athx)
 
 
wlanconfig athx create wlandev wifi0 wlanmode adhoc (Create an Ad-Hoc
VAP, athx)
 
 
wlanconfig athx create wlandev wifi0 wlanmode monitor (Create a Monitor
mode VAP, athx)
 
 
Changing modes:
 
ifconfig athx down (Take the VAP down)
 

wlanconfig athx destroy (Destroy the VAP, athx)
 

wlanconfig athx create wlandev wifi0 wlanmode [sta|adhoc|ap|monitor]
(Create a new sta, adhoc, ap or monitor VAP)
 
 
Scan for Access Points (requires both steps):
 
modprobe wlan_scan_sta (To insert the scanning module)
 
 
wlanconfig athx list scan (To list the APs)
 
 
For more detailed information, see Madwifi Docs
